Is it human nature to simply run away from all that feels challenging for survival?
Then how do most crushers (people having the crushes) mate with their crushees (their crushes) when they turn to mushbrain nowadays, but not in the past?

Or did they? 

We have a fight-or-flight mechanism when we have mushbrain - our instinct is simply to not look at our predator in the eyes, accelerate the heart (ready for running), being as quiet as possible (restriction on our throats/stuttering/etc), and then just running the HELL awayyyyyyyyy. If this is our natural reaction to our crushees, then how are we supposed to reproduce? 

Is this a natural reaction to test the bravery, the power, the audacity of the initator? To see if he or she is capable of fighting off enemies? To overcome this fear is difficult, no doubt, but overcoming this fear can also make you a wonderful person to protect the family.

This thought seems to be reasonable, but then there are those who aren't afraid at all (jocks) at flirtation, yet are super afraid of real threats. Is this genetics? Is this perspective? Is it that the jocks aren't looking at their played people as actual humans, actual potential mates for reproduction?

It seems so. Jocks tend to b e in it for the pleasure - the excitement of sexual intercourse, but statistics show that these jocks are also the first to run away at the first sight of pregnancy.

These jocks don't see us as mates for starting a family, and therefore don't get this sense of fear that the potential mate represents.

You can actually test this - identify people with mushbrain and who are afraid of making action - put them in a near-death scenario with something to protect (but completely stoppable + has to be unique so no prior exp, maybe lions? bc most ppl live in cityy = no exp) and see if they run away. Identify people who have overcomed mushbrain and put them in a near-death scenario (defend?)

Note: Maybe I feel hopeless when a crush of mine is seemingly crushing on someone else and that someone else is recipricating, because I might be (subconsciously) looking for people who are willing to stay with another for long periods of time

which means I do only get one shoot, because once they get hooked up, they stay hooked up
but
it also means that if I was wrong, and if they do hook up with me, it might not be as permanent

but what I'm subconsciously thinking might be very wrong - it's about matching, right???
RIGHT??????


Story - don't make the same mistake I did! - old man who gave up what he truly valued and allowed his fear to fly, travels back in time in epic before dying to prevent his younger self from making the same mistake

The Time Machine - old man who has lots of regrets travels back in time through the creation of an experimental time machine that has been marketed/advertise. After a few months the people who went back in time began vanishing and government sanctions resulted in the destruction (and banning) of almost every time machine. The old man sneaks into the last time machine, knowing full well he'll disintegrate, to be with his family/friends/takes risks, etc.

However, he becomes a duplicate in that time and conflicts with his original self. As he starts disintegrating he realizes that he has to tell his original younger self not to fall for stuff - (most common regrets), before he finally dies.

Look at quora for "most philosophical cartoons" look for the one with man thinking about $ for 3 panels, and family for last panel. That's the message you want to convey. You might even say the man used his wealth to buy his experience - the experience being free already beforehand, leading him to wonder why he would've done the original - the sense of security (a risk to happiness = irony)


idjewofhwofijwj o bad at writing out good ideas?WQ3r2q